OSSMDOC-373: Update control plane references (#49723)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-validating-smcp.adoc

.From the command line

> . Execute the following command to see if the {SMProductShortName} control plane pods are available and running, where `istio-system` is the namespace where you installed the SMCP.

Author: done

wasm-cacher-basic-5b99bfcddb-m775l     1/1     Running   0          86s
----
+

> . Check the status of the {SMProductShortName} control plane deployment with the following command, where `istio-system` is the namespace where you deployed the SMCP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Check the status of the {SMProductShortName} control plane (SMCP) deployment by using the following command. Replace `<istio-system>` with the namespace where you deployed the SMCP.
```

Author: done
